what's the point of toe shoes well
that's kind of like asking what's the
point of toes if you didn't know your
toes actually help spring you forward
every time you take a step when you wear
normal shoes your feet are actually
forced into a point which limits that
spring ability but if you have a Nike
shoe with a carbon fiber plate spring in
it I guess technically you don't need
toes I guess but that doesn't change the
fact that without those shoes your toes
are going to be less springy unless you
do something about it so the reason I
wear lvas is that every step I take I am
training my feet to be as strong and as
springy as possible and besides this
shape is beautiful and it's natural and
if you disagree it's probably just
because of high fashion and marketing
company spending millions of dollars
trying to convince you that the natural
shape of your foot is ugly it's it's not
use code stay flexy for a discount and
thank you Pala for making some real
shoes stay flexy